When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  	
	We would create a remote repository when we need to share our project on the web 
  	with others and also to enable others to contribute to the code and also to 		collaborate with others. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Pulling changes automatically may bring in code changes that we haven’t worked on and thus may break the code that we had been working on before the pull.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	When we copy a repository from a local machine to a local machine, or within a local machine or from Github to a local machine we call it cloning. When we are copying repository from someone else’s account on Github to our Github account, it is called forking and our Github repository automatically mentions that this repository has been forked from somewhere else. When we want to try out experimental changes or introduce a new feature to our project we should create a branch. A branch is very good for separating concerns. We can merge a branch when we think that the new feature can be merged and brought to the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of remote stored locally is that we get to know by running git status whether the local and the remote branches are out of sync. If they indeed are we can merge them and resolve any conflicts that may arise while merging.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	Without Git or GitHub collaboration can be done via email or project management apps like Slack. Communication might be a little easier since Slack or email work in a more email or text message format and to which we are more accustomed. But keeping a track of code and code changes will get a lot harder.

